[KAEDE gasps]
[RISA] I heard on Level Seven
you can make monsters your
--companions.
--Really?
I'm so excited!
[DUCK quacks]
[DOG sniffs, barks]
[DORAZOU]
Rawr!
A new feature you've
all been waiting for:
the ability to tame monsters!
Before I go further,
I should clarify
that only some of the
monsters you run into
will be tamable.
Those monsters can be
identified by this symbol,
so keep an eye out for it.
That'll make this a bit easier.
I wonder if any of those
monsters are helpful
with crafting.
[DORAZOU] There are several ways
to go about taming monsters.
You can defeat them in battle
or win their affection
with a gift.
Or you can do it by
completing quests
or meeting certain
other conditions.
And now, ta-da!
Check it out!
This right here is
the Bridge of Bonds.
It makes monster
taming possible.
One thing, though.
A special note to a select few
of you who've already
managed to obtain
monster companions:
Pretty sure that means us.
This feature does not
support multiple companions.
Only one per player. So sorry.
Too bad.
It does make sense, though.
I guess the best thing for
the two of us to do is help
the rest of you out.
[KUROMU]
That would be great.
Much better than trying to
defeat all those monsters
on our own.
Also, in the eighth event
which will be starting soon,
having a tamed monster will
give you a huge advantage!
Okay, that's all for me!
Now everybody get out there
and start taming monsters!
Rawr!
Maple? Whaddya think?
We'll make it our
goal as a guild
to make sure we're
ready for the eighth event.
Let's go out and find
monster companions
for all our members!
[KAEDE}
Oh, yeah! Great idea!
Let's do it!
We should probably start
by gathering info,
like finding out which
monsters live in what areas.
We've got a volcano,
a desert, an ocean,
snowy mountains.
Level Seven definitely has
some distinct environments.
I can't wait to explore!
I wonder what
monsters we'll find!
Maybe there are items I
could make that would aid
in the taming process.
[RISA] If we split up, then we
can cover more ground.
And if anyone
needs help or advice,
all they have to do
is reach out.
I'm going to go take a look
around on some of the
other levels.
It's possible there have
been some changes
since Level Seven was released.
Good idea!
Sounds like a plan! Let's go!
[GROUP]
Yeah!
[KUROMU grunts]
So it isn't just a matter
of defeating them.
Well, guess I'll investigate
the level for now
and save finding a
companion for later.
[KANADE] According to this,
there are even ghost-type
monsters that are tamable.
[chuckles] I can see
Sally's face now.
[RISA]
Eesh!
Huh? A chill? That's weird.
[KASUMI] I don't recall seeing
that NPC the last time
I was here.
Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit.
You have a curious
look on your face.
It's called "Beneath the
Fog in a Distant Land."
I suppose this must be
a newly added quest.
[FROG SAMURAI]
Ribbit, ribbit.
And now, all will be revealed.
[YUI] Are you sure you
don't mind, Maple?
--[KAEDE] Hm?
--Helping us out like this.
It's no problem at all!
I already have Syrup,
so I'm good to go!
And besides, I enjoy
traveling with you two.
That way I know you're safe!
That's so nice of you!
We can't thank you enough!
[KAEDE] Do you know what kind
of companion you want?
[MAY] If possible, I'd love
some kind of cute animal!
[YUI] That's exactly
what I was thinking!
[KAEDE] Okay, then!
Let's keep our eyes peeled for--
[BEARS]
Bear, bear, bear, bear.
Bear! Bear! Bear! Bear! Bear!
They seem kinda rare!
Maple!
Right! Let's get 'em!
[BEARS] Bear! Bear!
Bear! Bear! Bear! Bear!
Bear! Bear! Bear!
[KAEDE] I don't think there's
any way we're gonna be able
to close the gap.
Aw, what a shame.
They were just too fast for us.
Hmm. I could use Atrocity,
but then I might
accidentally kill them.
Okay, I have a plan!
Let's head back for now
and see if Iz has any items
that might help.
Yeah!
Hey, Iz?
These are--
[IZ]
Great, aren't they?
I've collected a bunch of new
recipes since we made it
to Level Seven.
[KAEDE] If we wear these,
we'll be able to move faster?
Yep! I know it seems like our
members are always wearing
the same gear, but it's
very important to choose
the equipment that's right
for your environment.
Thank you so much, Iz!
You're a lifesaver!
[IZ] Now, I'm not sure if it's
gonna be quite enough
of a speed boost on its own,
but if we supplement
it with some potions
that raise your agility, then...
Uh, whoops.
[KAEDE]
What's the matter?
I gave some to Kuromu
and the others,
and I only have two left.
And I'm out of ingredients.
[KAEDE] Where's the closest
place we can get more of them?
Looks like they can be found
in this level's ocean area.
Leave it to me,
your guildmaster!
I'll go get them for you!
We'll come along with you.
[KAEDE]
No, that's all right.
You two should keep looking
around Level Seven.
Okay, then!
Yeah, whatever you say!
We'll work hard and do our best!
[KAEDE]
I'll be back as soon as I can!
[MAY, YUI]
Good luck, Maple!
So, what now?
We could go explore some other
areas while we're waiting
for Maple to get back.
[MAY]
And yet--
[YUI]
I wonder.
[KASUMI]
No symbols.
It appears the monsters
here aren't tamable.
Maybe that's only
on Level Seven. Still...
In a valley heavy with fog,
it lies in wait for
you to find it.
Only when you've proven
yourself to be strong enough
will I tell you anything more.
He was clearly hinting
around at something.
What is there to do
but press on?
Arms of the Warrior!
These raise our speed
but lower our defense.
But that's all right with us!
Go! Destroy Mode!
[MAY]
Let's go, Yui!
[YUI]
Right!
[FOX roars]
[MAY yells]
Without Maple's protection...
...we could get taken
out by a single hit.
[YUI] So we'll have
to hit them first!
[MAY]
Yeah!
[BLAZING BROTHERS grunt]
[BLAZING BROTHER A]
What the hell is happening?
They're beasts of some kind.
No, wait. Bunnies!
This is where we found
them last time, right?
Yeah. Do you think they're still
around here somewhere?
--[BEARS] Bear?
--[MAY, YUI gasp]
--[BEARS] Bear!
--Yep, sure enough!
Are you ready?
[YUI]
Mm-hmm!
--[BEARS] Bear! Bear! Bear!
--What is it?
Huh? Oh, no!
[BEARS]
Bear! Bear!
[YUI]
We gotta do something!
[MAY]
Yeah!
[yell]
That didn't hurt.
Huh?
Ah! Pretty!
But even if you
could tame a fish,
it seems like it would
be pretty hard to take it
around with you.
I wonder if it would be possible
to tame one of those!
Follow them, Syrup!
T-Turtle?
Don't worry, we can find
those ingredients for Iz
after we get done here!
Come on, let's go!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
Ah. We failed again.
Come on, Sis!
Let's give it another go!
Arms of the Warrior!
Sixth of Sword: Blaze!
[KASUMI yells]
And on we go.
[KAEDE]
And nine, and ten.
There!
Wow, I managed to find a lot!
I think this should be enough.
Hey, Syrup!
Take me back to Iz so she can--
[yells]
[SYRUP]
Turtle?
[KAEDE]
No!
Atrocity!
[KAEDE yells]
Did I get dragged down
into that weird haze?
Hey, Atrocity wore off!
Aww! Well, that was a waste.
Devour!
Ah! Hold on!
[yells]
Don't!
I never dreamed that this
quest would be spread
across three levels.
What could be waiting
at the end?
Let's go! Mind's Eye!
Come to think of it,
maybe Sally has the right idea
about these things after all.
First of Sword. Heat Haze!
Fourth of Sword. Whirlwind!
Leap! Third of Sword.
Lonely Moon!
Purple Phantom Blade!
Really, it's such an amazing
skill, except for this one part.
[MAY]
We've gone back again and again,
and we get so close.
But in the end, we keep losing.
I wish I was able to help,
but I have got
my hands full, too.
[YUI]
Oh!
You don't have to
worry about us!
That's right!
This just makes us more
fired up to kick its butt!
Whoa! Talk about an
overload of cuteness.
Here. Thought you
might like this.
Oh, so cute!
Hey, easy, Sis.
I accept this.
Please enjoy!
You know, Maple sure is taking
a long time to get back.
Just how far did she go?
[KAEDE yells]
Well, I sure wasn't expecting to
get dragged down even deeper.
Is this the end of it, at least?
Ew! So disgusting!
Devour!
[KAEDE yells]
[KAEDE screams]
Is some devil or snake
about to appear?
A paralysis status effect?
No, that's not it.
What's holding me back?
I didn't think there would
actually be a snake.
[BEARS]
Bear!
This time, we're going
to save you!
[MAY yells]
[BEARS]
Bear!
Sis, no!
[MAY yells]
White Snake.
I see. Huh.
Well, then.
Let's try this again.
Okay, it may have eaten me,
but since I'm not in the water,
I have freedom of movement!
Deploy Right Hand!
[KAEDE yells]
[KAEDE] What's the matter,
didn't like how I tasted?
If you won't eat me,
then I'll eat you!
[KAEDE yells]
[KASUMI grunts]
[KASUMI]
No, not again.
[BEARS]
Bear!
[MAY, YUI yell]
You guys, too, huh?
One failure after another.
We won't give up, though!
Good. And neither will I.
[KAEDE]
Hydra!
Spicy!
[KASUMI] Seems only blows to
the forehead inflict damage.
How should I proceed?
Blood Blade! Ha!
But still, every time
I get close to it...
Wait. Is this some sort of
guardian that can't be defeated?
It's do or die!
Super Speed!
Lonely Moon!
[KASUMI grunts]
What do you know?
I improvised and it
worked like a charm.
Now then.
[KAEDE grunts, yells]
Ah! It's so deliciously savory!
How will it react to me?
Let's see.
Now, then.
What shall I call you?
[MAY, YUI yell]
[MAY]
Yui!
[YUI]
Right, Sis!
[BEARS]
Bear! Bear! Bear!
Yui!
I know!
[BEARS]
Bear! Bear!
Bear?
Bear!
Aw! They're so soft and fluffy!
[MAY]
And warm, too!
[MAY, YUI]
We did it!
Aw, I wasn't done yet!
Well, that was the best-tasting
monster I've ever eaten!
Hey. I gained a new skill.
It's called Invitation
to the Ocean Floor.
What could it be?
--[KASUMI] Don't you think?
--[IZ] Yeah, you're right.
I never thought of it that way.
[MAY, YUI]
Hey, everyone!
It looks like you two
succeeded in the end.
Yeah! Sure did!
And so did you!
What is your little
snake's name?
Haku! It's not too basic, is it?
[YUI]
No way! It's adorable!
[KUROMU] That just leaves
me, Iz, and Kanade.
Yeah, well, I'm on it.
[KUROMU]
Oh, really?
Oh, well this is perfect!
I've got a little
surprise for you two!
[MAY, YUI]
Hm?
Awesome!
There's nothing you
can't make, is there?
I just figured you'd want
to look as cute together
as possible.
Thank you so much!
[KASUMI]
Have you chosen names?
Yes! This one is Tsukimi!
And this is Yukimi!
Such great names.
It's really nice
to meet you two.
Tsukimi. Yukimi.
[KAEDE]
Aw! How cute!
[KUROMU]
Huh? Welcome back, Maple!
Y-Your arm.
[KASUMI]
And your eyes, too.
Check it out! Tentacles!
[RISA]
How's it going, everyone?
[KAEDE]
Sally! Welcome back!
Hey Maple, those are some
nice tentacles you got there.
[KAEDE laughs]